add navigation polygon and precise view (#232)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/how-to/navigation.en.md

!![](../assets/images/navigation-auto-tracking.png)

This can be described as a simple *staking mode* functionality.

> ## Positioning precise view

Reviewer: Should we add "stakeout" to the title? This is what people usually look for

Reviewer 2: +1 to add stakeout as a keyword in there, that's likely what many will search for to begin with.

:material-tablet-android:{ .device-icon } Fieldwork

> Precise view (aka stakeout) panel which appears when a navigation to destination is active. appears when a navigation to destination is active.

Reviewer: This line looks strange

!![](../assets/images/navigation-auto-tracking.png)

This can be described as a simple *staking mode* functionality.

## "Stakeout" precise view
:material-tablet-android:{ .device-icon } Fieldwork

> QField's "stakeout" precise view panel appears when the current location to destination is less than a pre-defined threshold (by default 5 meters) and the positioning device has an accuracy that is less than half of that threshold. The precise view visiblity threshold value can be modified by long-pressing on the bottom-right navigation button and selecting the *Precise View Settings* menu item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QField's "stakeout" precise view panel appears when the distance between the current location and the destination is less than a pre-defined threshold (by default 5 meters) and the positioning device has an accuracy that is less than half of that threshold. The precise view visibility threshold value can be modified by long-pressing on the bottom-right navigation button and selecting the *Precise View Settings* menu item.
```

Reviewer 2: @m-kuhn , good changes, committed.
